I see you dare to summon up the courage to come to me
You must like me too
OK
Then will you be my woman?
Why do I always feel that I still have concerns in my heart?
I heard your neighbor is in trouble.
I'm here to help you.
Why don't you want to marry me?
It seems that I like him
You need to know
The woman who chases me is like a thing
It's hard for me to catch an eye
What are you still hesitating about?
I just suddenly felt
Suddenly feel something
I like tactical adults
Just adore like
Not love
and
I already have someone I really like
Who?
Qin Changan is a soldier with your friend
What? You like him?
Why not why
I just think he's pretty good
Do you think Qin Chao An An is better than me?
No, he definitely doesn't have tactics, hello sir
Just feel this thing play
I still think we have more of a connection.